To download the ICC Lamba CarSense policy,
we will simply go to the website. We will
open the ICC Lamba website.
I will put the website link in the description.
You can copy it from there as well. The
site is www.icc.com.
After clicking on it, there is an option
of live chat at the top. So, if you click on live chat, then
an option will appear at the bottom of the right side.
Here, you will
see four options. Out of these four
options, we basically want to download the car insurance
policy. So,
in that case, we have to click on get soft copy.
And two options will appear here,
you will have policy copy and health card.
So, we will click on policy copy.
After clicking on this, the option will appear here:
policy number, mobile number, vehicle number,
and UA ID number. So, whatever details you have are
available, you can proceed through that as well. So,
for now, we will proceed with the policy number here. So, after clicking on the policy number,
you have to click on the policy number.
After clicking, you have to enter the policy number here.
Type your policy number in the box below.
Okay in the message, after entering the policy number, an
arrow is visible here, okay, we will
click on it, after clicking, an
option is coming here, engine number 2 number,
any five digit number of engine number 2 number has to be
entered here, okay, we will enter it,
after clicking, okay, if you have to enter the five digit here,
then after entering it, you have to click on the arrow tick here, as soon as
you click, the
policy will be downloaded here automatically in your phone or laptop, whichever you are doing, okay,
see here, I am doing it from the laptop, so the
policy copy is visible at the top,
okay, we will open it, your policy will be
downloaded here, if you
liked this video, then you
can subscribe to my channel for such videos and
thanks for watching.